scripts: runners: improvements for spi_burn west runner (#45724)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: boards/riscv/tlsr9518adk80d/doc/index.rst

Debugging
=========

Supporting UART debug and OpenOCD+GDB. west debug command also supported. You may run it in a simle way, like:

.. code-block:: console

   west debug

Or with additional arguments, like:

.. code-block:: console

   west debug --gdb-port=<port_number> --gdb-ex=<additional_ex_arguments>

Example:

>    west debug --gdb-port=1111 --gdb-ex="-ex monitor reset halt -ex b main -ex continue"

Author: Done

Debugging
=========

> Supporting UART debug and OpenOCD+GDB. west debug command also supported. You may run it in a simle way, like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This port supports UART debug and OpenOCD+GDB. The `west debug` command also supported. You may run it in a simple way, like:
```

Author: Done
